What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
    
    An area is created in Git to place files that you wish to have versions
    kept of. This needs to be done so Git can create all the neccessary files
    it requires to make the version control work correctly.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

    The staging area is for files that are ready to go to the repository so,
    unlike the working directory, no more modifying will take place on files
    there, but it is not neccessarily time for a full commit yet, as other files
    might need to be modified first so it files in the staging area are not
    added to the version branch yet. This gives means it is possible for you to
    effectively mark files as ready to go to the repository so they don't get
    forgotten about when the correct time for a commit comes.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

    See above.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

    If you wanted to start making some changes that aren't part of the main
    design for a program a branch would be helpful. The branch would keep any
    of these "extra" changes separate from the main version.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

    It gives form to the tree-like analogy being used.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

    The result of merging two branches together is a hybrid file with histories
    from both branches attached to it.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

    Pro - most of the time it is quicker and easier for Git to merge two
          branches than it is for a human.
    Con - when there are conflicts in the changes made in the two branches it
          might actually be more work trying to tell Git which changes to take.